In this exercise, you're asked to create a Lambda function,
run that Lambda function,
and then observe the metrics from
that Lambda function that get propagated into CloudWatch.
Here, I have a Lambda function.
Note that its name is Udacity.
I've run this Lambda function several times.
Now, let's head over to CloudWatch and take a look at what is
actually sent to CloudWatch metrics from this Lambda function.
Go over to the CloudWatch service user interface.
We've got a lot of information here.
Now, look down at the left-hand side from the menu and pick Metrics.
We see a space for graph at the top,
and the different metric categories at the bottom.
So you're going to go to Lambda,
and then you want to search by function name.
Again, here we note that the Lambda function
that we're just actually running was called the Udacity.
Now, we see at the top we have our Udacity function and on the right side,
we see the different metrics available for that function.
So we check the box next to the Udacity Lambda functions invocations.
We can see our graph shows some data.
What's currently showing us is we can see in graphed metrics,
this is showing us the average.
So this is showing us a five-minute average
of how many times this Lambda function was invoked.
Here, we have some other options.
We can change it from five-minutes down to one minute,
and we can see that it was run during some minutes and not in others.
We can also change from an average to the sum,
or any of these other things: minimum, maximum.
We change it to the sum, we can see we've got some more data,
some more interesting data.
We can also change the time range that we can look at.
So this is currently showing us three hours.
Since we've all been running this Lambda recently,
we can switch just a one-hour view.
Then we see how we've got some spikes,
some different information over the course of the last hour or so.
If we go back to All metrics,
we can also look at other things such as duration.
Here we can see the actual duration of the Lambda function.
We can have different sums or different time periods per metric,
and then we can graph these,
and use these graphs to understand what's been going on with our applications.